alright dr. Zee man here with beach head
on the camera we're loading up for our
trip out to the southwest to do some
running gunnin with God name Nutnfancy
and crew we're looking forward to the
trip and meet some great guys and doing
some shooting in the desert and I
thought we'd go over some of the gear
that were taken this clip will be
clothing that we're taking beachhead you
want to start it with your boots all
right pretty much these boots are just
standard combat desert boots I've had
him for probably three or four years now
when I got them there's a smashed oh so
I like microwave them and melted the
plastic inside so they're pretty much
worn through almost out of the life but
they're the coolest boots ahead so
there's the ones i'm taking the boots
that i have been our rothko forced entry
deployment boots I got him because I
liked that they were light cool and
zipped up the side and then for my
parents that just have standard AC see
you nothing special about that and a 5
11 tactical belt and I'll be wearing the
5-11 chat like pro pants when we ordered
our tech like pro pants that came with a
free belt and look forward to try them
out
so then about a year ago I purchased
them all to knee pads without quite
realizing how awesome they were so I've
worn them for a good while and tested
them and stuff because I airsoft a bit
and I realized how awesome they would I
was telling my dad about him so he
bought a pair as well and they were kind
of tough to find right now most places
were out of stock but I finally was able
to find them in stock at an airsoft
supplier next we have our kind of shirts
that will wear under our lbs I've been a
hundred percent cotton kind of guy for
all my life but my son beachhead and
some other folks have been working on me
about how quickly other fabrics dry so I
broke down and I got myself an under
armour shirt and we'll test it out see
how it works in the desert I was also
looking at a UH a see your massive shirt
which is what the Army is now converting
there is to use to the the army has been
saying it's pretty much the most
comfortable shirt they have and I
wholeheartedly agree it's made out of
almost eight like pajama material so
it's light it's cool and it dries fast
it also has some reinforced elbows yeah
I built in knee pads almost like the old
style pajamas and will do maybe more
in-depth reviews here it also has
pockets on the sleeves and pen holders
next I'm going to take just a standard
marpat shirt might be a little cooler in
the morning and evening and then we have
gloves I have the mechanics where impact
I've had these for a while and I've
really enjoyed them sensitivity for the
fingertips is pretty good flexibility of
the gloves are pretty good check out my
accuracy of the Ruger with gloves video
to see how gloves affects my shooting
I compare those to some motorcycle
gloves that I have and then I just I'm
wearing on some no Mike's flight gloves
that I absolutely love I don't think I
would wear any other gloves the
dexterity and these are just too high
and great plus it protects you from the
heat and stuff next we got a couple hats
we might be taken the 5-11 hat came as a
promotional item with an order that I
made and then standard ACU booney had
then we move on to a lbs so that's my
med kit right there it's not where I'm
going to position it but just in case
anything happens I have it set to go
finest or my lb is pretty simple it has
open compartments on the top layer mags
and pistol mag down there and then like
an admin pouch on the upper left of your
frame for the plate carrier is a holster
that we got floor the proven were three
that we might I had a hard time finding
holster that fit that was not in like a
nice leather but I found that and I
think it might work with the Ruger we
have a drop leg that should be here any
minute that we will attach that holster
into you probe each head and then last
year we have my healthy eat which is a 5
11 tactical v-tach best
I've got several AR mags I've got a
blackhawk serpa holster for my beretta
px4 we've got the quick quick disconnect
so that if we wanted to we could
disconnect it and attach to beachheads
drop leg I've got several pistol mags
attached and i'll be doing a more
in-depth review of them similar pluses
and minuses the two lower ones are
Maxpedition and they're very well made
but they're pretty heavy stiff and as
you can tell they take up too much space
i also have a Maxpedition rollie pollie
that you see it attached there a dump
pouch that rolls up beautifully I love
it it's been very practical I like how
it rolls up out of the way so neatly and
that's just been a great addition thanks
this is a some of the the clothing items
that we're going to be taking with us on
the Nutnfancy shoot stay tuned we'll
show you some of the other gear and
weapons will be taking